Fix grammar in indexes.mdx (#574)
surrealdb/docs.surrealdb.com: doc-surrealdb_versioned_docs/version-1.x/surrealql/statements/define/indexes.mdx

Used to determine the maximum level ll for a new element during its insertion into the hierarchical structure. It is used in the formula l←⌊−ln⁡(unif(0..1))⋅mL⌋, where unif(0..1) is a uniform random variable between 0 and 1. This parameter influences the distribution of elements across different levels, impacting the overall balance and efficiency of the search structure.

:::note

> _Note:_ You can only provide TYPE, M and EFC. M0 and LM are automatically computed in SurrealDB with the most appropriate value. If not specified, M AND EFC are set to 12 and 150 respectively.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
_Note:_ You can only provide TYPE, M, and EFC. SurrealDB automatically computes M0 and LM with the most appropriate value. If not specified, M AND EFC are set to 12 and 150, respectively.
```
